Add date limits to JSON schema and document opener parameters API (#336)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

* `normalize_dataset` now ensures that latitudes are decreasing.

> * Add documentation for the use of the opener parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add documentation for the use of the open parameters passed to `xcube.core.store.DataOpener.open_data()`.
```

> 
> * Various improvements to the JSON Schema classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The JSON Schema classes in `xcube.util.jsonschema` have been extended in various way:
  - ...
  - ...
```
